Update viewing-branches-in-your-repository.md (#25361)
github/docs: content/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/managing-branches-in-your-repository/viewing-branches-in-your-repository.md

{% data reusables.repositories.navigate-to-branches %}
3. Use the navigation at the top of the page to view specific lists of branches:
    - **Your branches**: In repositories that you have push access to, the **Yours** view shows all branches that you’ve pushed to, excluding the default branch, with the most recent branches first.

>     - **Active branches**: The **Active** view shows all, non default, branches that anyone has committed to within the last three months, ordered by the branches with the most recent commits first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Active branches**: The **Active** view shows all branches (excluding the default branch) that anyone has committed to within the last three months, ordered by the branches with the most recent commits first.
```
